feat: auto-detect package manager (#2)
maddhruv/types-sync: README.md

| packageManager | `npm`/`yarn`/`pnpm`/`bolt` | package manager to use                  |
| removeUnused   | `Boolean`                  | remove unsued types                     |

> Note: `types-sync` will automatically detect the package manager beign used. Explicitly Defining the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `types-sync` will automatically detect the package manager being used according to the lock files. Explicitly defining the
```

Typos

Reviewer: Can you also make `Defining` lowercase?

> `packageManager` is optional and if defined will force `types-sync` to use that package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`packageManager` config option is optional and if defined will force `types-sync` to use the specified package manager.
```
